So another fairly common question is what is use strict.
And your answer should be something like this.
Use strict is a command to javascript to make us write stricter as the name suggests javascript.
An example of this is you would throw the the string use strict up at the top of a file and the compiler
essentially would know hey we are applying stricter rules here to solve some of the issues that javascript
may have had in the past which is accidental creations of global variables is a very common one and
nowadays it's not as important because most most things will use a web pack with the Linter such as
TS lint in typescript which will handle a lot of these items and make us write cleaner safer and stricter
jouster but use Strict was kind of in that same in-body that same sort of methodology.
This is kind of a hard example to give but typically use strict would be something like this top of
a file and you'll see here that we're actually you know accidentally creating a global scope variable
so use strict with thrown Arison a you know this isn't something we do and would kind of remind you
to throw a VAR or a light on this as well as many other items as you know many other sort of coding
practices as well.